>> Steve Kinney: Again,
if you have a big, big legacy code base,
start with the small stuff, right?
If you are get a knitting or starting
with a relatively new project, right?
Maybe you can choose to go down
some of these other paths, right?
Some of them have extra complexity, or
with any library from, honestly, anything.
Even React has certain things
that it makes it harder,
despite the 1000 things that
it makes easier, right?
That is true for everything.
And there is a set of
trade offs all the time.
But again, you get to the point where,
from that Prisma to generating Zod
schemas and TRPC clients, so and then it.
Exposing all of those different methods
to the clients without having to
make a whole bunch of different restful
API routes, that can save a ton of time.
In addition to the best way to
get that type safety is to take
the humans out of the loop, right?
If you get to things where it's
a standardized schema, you can get to
the point where, yeah, we can generate
the Zod schemas off the database tables,
the routes off the Zod schemas, the client
off of the like route, so on and so forth.
And then like the chance,
yes, software's bad.
You're not gonna get to a hundred
percent type safety, but
you can at least take the like
somebody was a little tired.
Or decided to wing it all of a sudden at
the end of a several hour long workshop,
and make choices, you can protect from
those things by having automated systems.
It's the same world that if you think
you're gonna catch every coding
pattern through code review, you're not.
You better have CICD and prettier and
ES lint and all those things,
at least backing you up a little bit.
But I do think that the promise of type
safety across the stack is doable.
At what level you can approach it,
it depends on your codebase.
But I think there is a lot of really great
tooling, and some of the game is just
knowing all of the options that do exist
and ways of thinking about it, and then
figuring out how to apply that wide range
of tools to your particular code base.
>> [APPLAUSE]